update BEP-520: add two backward compatibility (#532)
bnb-chain/BEPs: BEPs/BEP-520.md

</div>
where T represents the number of seconds in the corresponding quarter.

> ### 6.4 Timing Based on Block Numbers
> The reduction in block intervals affects logic that relies on block numbers for timing, whether in independent services or within smart contracts. A simple solution is to adjust the corresponding block count or avoid using block numbers for timing altogether.
> 
> ### 6.5 Indexing Based on `block.timestamp`
> With the block interval reduced to 0.75 seconds, `block.timestamp`, which has second-level precision, may be the same for consecutive blocks. Therefore, using `block.timestamp` as an index key or for similar purposes requires adjustment. A common solution is to use the block hash instead.
> 
> ### 6.6 Block Finality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 6.4.DApp Developers And Users
**Timing Based on Block Numbers**
The reduction in block intervals affects logic that relies on block numbers for timing, whether in independent services or within smart contracts. A simple solution is to adjust the corresponding block count or avoid using block numbers for timing altogether.
**Indexing Based on `block.timestamp`**
With the block interval reduced to 0.75 seconds, `block.timestamp`, which has second-level precision, may be the same for consecutive blocks. Therefore, using `block.timestamp` as an index key or for similar purposes requires adjustment. A common solution is to use the block hash instead.

### 6.6 Block Finality
```

Reviewer: The two can be combinaed
